## Examples of Data Products
Music recommendation engine (based on your previous plays)
amazon's suggested items (if you bought A, you'll enjoy B)
Advertisements based on your geotags/where you've been
Zillow zestimate (property value approximation)
Real Estate search suggestions (new suggestions based on favorited properties)
Real Estate lead cultivation (when to reach out to a customer based on their searches)
(Targeted Pricing) Airline tickets increase in price if you login multiple times
FitBit collects health data for bio trends
Google maps w/ logistic data (route optimazation) 
Eventbright adverting of "similar" events (defining similar events is the ML model)
HEB targeted advertisement coupons based off of previous purchased
Facebook advertisements (if you engage w/ something you see similar stuff)
Self driving cars (Sentry mode)
Image searching (reverse image search)
Identifying and predicting disease (tomography, epidemiology)
Netflix movies and TV shows based on what you've already watched
Sports analytics (moneyball to make predictive models based on past player performance)
Search engines showing you results that align w/ your world view (b/c they want ENGAGEMENT based on previous )
Taking location data and suggesting people in the same area as you for friend requests...
Gizmo to improve posture (gizmo has to determine what good posture vs. bad posture)
Kaazam listens to a clip and identifies the song for you (google has one for humming the song..)
Google assitant and Apple Siri
    - There's machine listening that converts the voice into text (pattern recognition)
    - There's NLP that converts text into "intent"
Siri is not always algorithmic (they also have actual people that may respond back) (Mechanical Turk)
Amazon Mechanical Turk
Chess playing algorithms that crunch all possibilities and optimize. Alpha Go
AI that plays League of Legends (autonymous agents)
Algorithm to set bail based on likelihood of committing another crime. 
- XYZ that makes recommendations/decions based on prior data....
There's a handful of types of Machine Learning
- Supervised machine learning (we have some sort of "label" on the data, what you purchased before). We use labeled data (the answers to previous data) to make predictions on future data. "Labeled data" means we at least had a "correct answer" 
- Unsupervised Learning - no labels/ no anwers/. This is purely algorithmic approach to measure the similarities between observations. Unsupervised learning comes up with clustering and dimensionality reduction. Looking for patterns/relationships in the data w/ no human labeling or "answers" already
    - 6 degrees of separation to Kevin Bacon (graph analysis)
    - clustering (we group observations on mathematical similarity)
        - 4 bed, 2 bath 1600 sqft property in 78210 is similar to a 4 bed 2 bath 1500 sqft property in 78210